4. Instruction: Condense the following paragraph into a clearer and more concise version.

4. Input:
Top marketers already understand that having a website that is not only easy to use but also visually appealing is essential to success. A site that's clutter-free, visually appealing, and easy to navigate has a significant impact on how users perceive your brand. Your brand needs to shine, and it starts with having good design-build visibility. Attractive web design can make your site more appealing and user-friendly, which ensures that it retains visitors, enhancing customer experience.

4. Output:
Successful marketers recognize the importance of an aesthetically pleasing, user-friendly website. A clear, attractive site with easy navigation improves brand perception and increases visitor retention, contributing to a positive customer experience.

5. Instruction: Help me choose a league to watch by explaining the primary difference between the English Premier League (EPL) and La Liga.

5. Input: <noinput>

5. Output:
The English Premier League is known for its competitive nature and diverse range of teams capable of winning matches, while La Liga has a distinct playing style characterized by technical skill and possession-oriented football with two dominant clubs, Barcelona and Real Madrid.

6. Instruction: Create a Python function that checks if a given number is odd or even, without using any Python built-in function.

6. Input:
number = 4

6. Output:
```
def is_even_or_odd(number):
    if number % 2 == 0:
        return "Even"
    else:
        return "Odd"

number = 4
result = is_even_or_odd(number)
print(result)  # Output: Even
```

7. Instruction: List four risk factors of type 2 diabetes.

7. Input: <noinput>

7. Output:
1. Obesity
2. Physical inactivity
3. Family history of diabetes
4. Age (older adults have a higher risk)

8. Instruction: Rewrite the following sentence using active voice.

8. Input: The package was delivered by the mailman.

8. Output: The mailman delivered the package.

9. Instruction: Provide three possible reasons someone would want to buy a waterproof smartwatch.

9. Input: <noinput>

9. Output:
1. Exercising or swimming in water without worrying about damaging the device
2. Having constant access to notifications and apps even in wet conditions
3. Avoiding accidental damage from spills or sudden exposure to rain

10. Instruction: Write a restaurant review based on the input description.

10. Input: 
Location: Riverfront, casual atmosphere
Food: Indian cuisine, tasty and appealing presentation
Service: Professional but slow
Price: Reasonable

10. Output:
I recently visited a riverfront Indian restaurant with a casual atmosphere, where I enjoyed appetizing and visually appealing dishes at a reasonable price. However, the service, although professional, was on the slower side. Overall, I would recommend this restaurant for its delicious food and the relaxing ambiance.