4. Instruction: Can you provide a summary of the book "The Great Gatsby" by F. Scott Fitzgerald? 
4. Input: 
<noinput>
4. Output: 
"The Great Gatsby" is a novel written in 1925 by American author F. Scott Fitzgerald. It is a story of decadence and excess, as well as of idealism and moral courage in the face of disillusionment. The novel takes place in the summer of 1922 in the fictional town of West Egg on Long Island, where the wealthy Jay Gatsby throws extravagant parties to win back his lost love, Daisy Buchanan.
###
5. Instruction: Can you suggest the best way to bake a homemade apple pie? 
5. Input: 
I have ten fresh apples I want to use.
5. Output: 
To make a homemade apple pie, first, preheat the oven to 375°F (190°C). Then, peel and slice ten fresh apples, and mix them with sugar, cinnamon, and a pinch of salt. Next, make the crust by mixing flour, unsalted butter, and ice-cold water. Roll out the pie crust and line the bottom of the pie dish with it, then pour in the apple mixture. Place the top pie crust over the apples and crimp the edges. Finally, bake the pie for 45-55 minutes or until the crust is golden brown.
###
6. Instruction: Can you generate a short poem about the rain? 
6. Input: 
<noinput>
6. Output: 
The rain falls softly on the street,
A gentle rhythm can't be beat.
The pitter-patter of tiny drops,
A lullaby that never stops.
The world is washed and fresh and new,
All thanks to the rain and dew.
###
7. Instruction: Can you summarize the plot of the movie "The Godfather"? 
7. Input: 
<noinput>
7. Output: 
"The Godfather" is a 1972 American crime film directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It tells the story of the Corleone family, a powerful Mafia family who becomes involved in a series of violent struggles for control of organized crime in New York City. The movie follows the patriarch of the family, Don Vito Corleone, as he tries to balance his criminal empire with his desire to maintain a legitimate meaing of life-and to gain legitimacy for his business via politics.